bathroom buddy oh great tralala you're
gonna like this what is it a birdcage
don't shake it we're gonna have to open
it now while wait till Christmas it's a
puppy isn't it yeah it is I can tell
it's a new car honey would you dim the
lights please sorry dim the lights
Ted what is it do glow in the dark it's
important trust me go ahead open it what
is it no it's your new bed come on
Barney be a good dog
[Music]
dad it's really neat where did you get
this awesome little jug store in China
okay pick them up dad
sure go ahead just be careful you gotta
be gentle
I hope he's housebroken
hmm cute has it got a name dad
yeah Maude why what Mogwai I don't know
some Chinese word I just called him
gizmo he seems to like it
[Music]